[OSDOCS#17175]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-3 (#114275)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/compliance-results.adoc

[id="compliance-results_{context}"]
= Obtaining Compliance Operator raw results from a persistent volume

[role="_abstract"]

> The Compliance Operator generates and stores the raw results in a persistent volume. These results are in Asset Reporting Format (ARF).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view the results of Compliance Operator scans for auditing purposes. The Operator stores the raw results in a persistent volume in Asset Reporting Format (ARF).
```
